docs: Add OCB Custom Build Instructions for OTel Engine (#6269)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/introduction/otel_alloy.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **{{< param "DEFAULT_ENGINE" >}}**: The default {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} runtime and [configuration syntax](../../get-started/syntax/).
This remains the default, stable experience with [backward compatibility](../backward-compatibility/) guarantees for {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} users.
```

To view the full list of components and their versions, refer to the [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder manifest](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/collector/builder-config.yaml).

## Custom builds with the OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (OCB)

The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is generated from a declarative [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (OCB)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/custom-collector/) manifest. If you 

> need additional components or want to remove some of the default components - you can manually edit this manifest and create a custom {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} build for your workloads. Custom builds are **not** covered by the same support expectations as standard releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is generated from a declarative [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (OCB)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/custom-collector/) manifest.
If you need additional components or want to remove bundled components, edit the manifest and build a customized {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary.
Custom builds aren't supported.
```

I went with "custom builds aren't supported". That's more specific that the more vague original text. If there is a reduced support level vs no support at all for custom builds, then we need to be clear what that would be.

### 1. Clone the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} repository

> Clone the Git repository and change into the repository root. The following steps assume you run commands from this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the Git repository and change to the repository root.
The following steps assume you run commands from this directory.
```

```shell
git clone https://github.com/grafana/alloy.git
cd alloy
```

> To build from a **specific release**, fetch tags and check out the tag after cloning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build from a **specific release**, fetch tags and check out the tag after you clone:
```

```shell
git fetch --tags

> git checkout v1.16.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git checkout <RELEASE_TAG>
```

We can use a placeholder variable here

Author: ahh right

```

> Replace `v1.16.0` with the [release tag](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/releases) you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace _`<RELEASE_TAG>`_ with the [release tag](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/releases) you want.
```

### 2. Start from the checked-in manifest

> The source manifest is [`collector/builder-config.yaml`](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/collector/builder-config.yaml) in your checkout. You can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source manifest is [`collector/builder-config.yaml`](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/collector/builder-config.yaml) in your checkout.
You can:
```

- **Remove** a component by deleting its `- gomod: ...` line from the appropriate section.

> - **Add** a component by appending a line that points at the module path and version you want, using the same pattern as existing entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Remove** a component: delete its `- gomod: ...` line from the appropriate section.
- **Add** a component: append a line that points at the module path and version you want.
  Follow the same `- gomod:` pattern as the other entries.
```

### 3. Regenerate the collector distribution

From the root of your {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} checkout, run:

```shell
make generate-otel-collector-distro
```

### 4. Build the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary

> Build the full CLI (including the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}}):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the full {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary:
```

I'm guessing we don't "build the CLI"... we build Alloy

```shell
make alloy
```

> The resulting binary in `build/` behaves like a standard `alloy` build; use [`alloy otel`](../../reference/cli/otel/) to run collector YAML against your custom bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binary in `build/` behaves like a standard `alloy` build.
Use [`alloy otel`](../../reference/cli/otel/) to run collector YAML against your custom bundle.
```

### 5. Build a Docker image

> To produce an image analogous to Grafana’s {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an image like the Grafana {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} image:
```

```shell

> make alloy-image ALLOY_IMAGE=[registry_name/image_name]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make alloy-image <ALLOY_IMAGE>=[<REGISTRY>/<IMAGE_NAME>
```

```

> Ensure to set `ALLOY_IMAGE` to point to your image repository and desired image name, otherwise the image name defaults back to `grafana/alloy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace _`<ALLOY_IMAGE>`_ with your image repository and image name.
If you don't set the image repository and image name, the build defaults to `grafana/alloy`.
```

To view the full list of components and their versions, refer to the [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder manifest](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/collector/builder-config.yaml).

## Custom builds with the OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (OCB)

The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is generated from a declarative [OpenTelemetry Collector Builder (OCB)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/custom-collector/) manifest.
If you need additional components or want to remove bundled components, edit the manifest and build a customized {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary.

> Custom builds aren't supported.

Author: @clayton-cornell how about "Custom builds are not included in Alloy's support guarantees"? Maybe that's more clear than just "not supported"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana doesn't offer commercial support for custom builds.
```

```shell
git clone https://github.com/grafana/alloy.git
cd alloy
```

To build from a **specific release**, fetch tags and check out the tag after you clone:

```shell
git fetch --tags
git checkout <RELEASE_TAG>
```

Replace _`<RELEASE_TAG>`_ with the [release tag](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/releases) you want.

### 2. Start from the checked-in manifest

The source manifest is [`collector/builder-config.yaml`](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/collector/builder-config.yaml) in your checkout.
You can:

- **Remove** a component: delete its `- gomod: ...` line from the appropriate section.
- **Add** a component: append a line that points at the module path and version you want.
  Follow the same `- gomod:` pattern as the other entries.

### 3. Build the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary

Build the full {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} binary:

```shell
make alloy
```

The binary in `build/` behaves like a standard `alloy` build.
Use [`alloy otel`](../../reference/cli/otel/) to run collector YAML against your custom bundle.

### 4. Build a Docker image

To create an image like the Grafana {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} image:

```shell

> make alloy-image <ALLOY_IMAGE>=[<REGISTRY>/<IMAGE_NAME>

Reviewer 2: Is this missing a closing square bracket?

Author: ah not sure how that bracket got in there, gonna remove it - might need you to re-stamp this after if that's ok
